=The Truth=
=Episode 10=
Dan Qing,
you're going too far now.
Don't forget.
I gave you everything you have now.
Remember?
Now you regret it?
Yes,
you did give me a new life.
But don't forget.
When your ex-father-in-law tried
to put you down,
who helped you make a comeback?
Gui.
I've sent them that video
as you instructed.
They've seen it?
What was their reaction?
Okay.
Keep watching them then.
Keep me updated.
Got it.
I secured the connections
in Wannan this time.
Even if you're jealous for no reason,
at least wait until the deal's done.
Drop the knife!
Put it down!
(Yunxi Police Department)
(Come to my office.)
Master.
Here.
Jiao personally made these stuffed buns.
Try one.
Come on.
You eat too.
Something's been bothering you lately?
It's nothing.
Tell me if something happened.
You look so troubled.
Is there something?
Really nothing, Master.
When you were little,
you'd cry if a toy broke,
but not after growing up,
because you knew it was just a toy.
Similarly,
all worldly values,
like reputation,
praise, criticism,
being ignored, being noticed,
happiness,
gains, and losses,
are all just like toys.
Just like toys.
Once our wisdom matures,
they all become toys.
Eat this.
That's right.
I've wanted
to kill Wang Xiaole for a long time.
I started planning
the moment she wanted a divorce.
Your professors and classmates all said
you were the perfect boyfriend.
How did it end up like this?
Why did you do this?
Wang Xiaole's parents
never approved of me from the start.
I struggled so hard
just to get their reluctant approval.
Our relationship was great
when we first married.
We'd just started our careers then,
full of hope for the future.
But as my career kept declining,
she...
Guess who I ran into
at the hospital today?
Who?
Liu Jian.
He came to our wedding.
He's a doctor
at a top-tier hospital now.
Thanks to him,
I skipped the waitlist.
He even got me a specialist.
That's good.
Then just go to him for your checkup.
You also studied medicine.
Why is there such a huge difference?
Stop picking fights.
If you were successful,
would I argue with you?
How am I not successful?
Do I let you go short
of food and clothes?
Is that what I care about?
Back when we got married,
I wanted a venue at a five-star...
Yes, a five-star hotel.
But I chose a three-star hotel.
Got anything new?
Fine, I'll give you something new.
What did you promise before marriage?
After tough times, I'd live comfortably.
And now?
All you do is make empty promises.
I bought this house.
I gave you my salary every month.
What more do you want from me?
This is just a secondhand house.
And your salary
is just a few thousand yuan.
What are you proud of?
You can't even afford a car.
Every day,
I take either the subway or the bus.
How long has it been
since I bought clothes?
And you have the nerve to say that now?
Aren't you just saying that I'm a loser?
Yes.
I'm not arguing with you.
Yes, you're a loser.
You're a loser.
Not only that,
you have no decent job or status.
You have nothing!
I was foolish enough
to marry you.
Are you done yet?
She picked on me.
I didn't become a doctor
at a top-tier hospital.
I have no money or status.
What about her?
She just worked at a nursing school.
Why?
Why did she despise me?
Officer.
I'm not bragging.
With my grades back then,
I could have picked any top major
at any top university.
If I had chosen a different major,
I definitely wouldn't be
like this today.
I studied medicine for Wang Xiaole.
She wasn't grateful, fine.
But she looked down on me more and more.
Did you ever abuse Wang Xiaole?
Niu Bosheng told you, didn't he?
Weren't you afraid
she would call the police?
Or tell her family and friends?
Her pride wouldn't let that happen.
She was very vain.
She wouldn't tell others
about such things,
especially her parents
and friends.
Of course,
I knew what I was doing.
I generally wouldn't hit her face
or other visible parts.
I'd also coax her.
She probably hadn't decided
to divorce me yet back then.
Wasn't hard to placate her.
Are you sure Ye can take the lead?
Have some water.
Thanks.
Tell us about the process.
I actually planned it for quite a while.
I knew about Niu Bosheng long ago.
He was the perfect fall guy.
So I started investigating him.
He really is a freak.
His life is way too routine.
Plus, since he has a disgusting habit,
he lives like a hermit.
It didn't take much effort.
About six months ago,
I stole his clothes
from the community clinic.
Then I just waited
for the right time to act.
Did you contact Wang Xiaole first
on the day of the crime?
To create the appearance
that we still had ties,
I contacted her from time to time.
Sometimes, I'd even show up uninvited.
I knew
she and the guy,
Huang Chong, were already planning
to get married.
She wanted me
to go as far away as possible.
(But I didn't want her to have her way,
so I kept contacting her.)
Don't be like this.
We've been divorced for so long.
Xiaole.
Old affections die hard.
Can't you give me one more chance?
I'm already done with you.
Enough. You should go now.
I have work tomorrow.
Don't come back again.
Remember to leave the key when you go.
No, Xiaole.
Just tonight, just once.
Please, Xiaole.
You go shower first.
Okay.
After it was done, I left.
You have pretty much figured out
what happened after that.
To kill someone
and frame another in such a short time,
you must be in pretty good shape.
I trained in secret for a long time
just for this day.
I never used to drink.
I was just acting
at the north gate of the complex.
I even think it looked fake.
But they saw it and believed it.
And they remembered me.
But after my crime,
I couldn't keep acting,
especially when facing the police.
I didn't expect
you'd notice such a small wound.
That's not the only thing
you overlooked.
We also found the video
of you stealing Niu Bosheng's clothes.
Why did you pose the body like that?
To humiliate her, of course.
Didn't she look down on me?
I had to make her see my work,
my masterpiece.
If I'd had more time,
I would've cut her head off.
I'd pry it open
to see why she was so blind.
Why couldn't she see how good I was?
You cut Wang Xiaole 17 times.
Is that also
to pin your crime on Niu Bosheng?
Wang Xiaole and Niu Bosheng
have known each other for 17 years.
That number held meaning
for both of them.
Officer,
I practiced those 17 cuts a lot.
And the writing on the wall?
I copied Niu Bosheng's handwriting
and practiced for so long.
Do you hate Niu Bosheng that much?
Not really.
Jealous of him?
Jealous?
Jealous of scum like Niu Bosheng?
A sewer rat?
I'm jealous of him?
What's there to be jealous of?
How did you feel
when you learned the 200,000 came
from Niu Bosheng?
I felt ridiculous.
I was blind.
How could I have fallen for a tramp
like Wang Xiaole?
She even hooked up
with trash like Niu Bosheng.
Don't slander the victim.
Slander?
If she weren't involved
with Niu Bosheng,
would he have lent her the money?
Officer, would you lend money to her?
You... fine.
Officer,
I have a question for you too.
How did you even suspect me?
You deliberately used the free condoms
to lead us
to find the tree and Niu Bosheng.
But you didn't know
Niu Bosheng only ever
used one imported brand.
And he kept the packaging as souvenirs.
He has never stopped
since he started spying on Wang Xiaole.
Even without you
planting those wrappers,
we would have traced it back
to Niu Bosheng anyway.
Justice has long arms.
You outsmarted yourself.
Okay.
Stop checking. It's not time yet.
Qian, we're leaving.
- I'm done.
- Bye.
Bye.
Just eating now?
Hold on a sec.
Why's Lei the only one working today?
Jing took her little darling
to the pet club.
Jing has been looking much better
these years.
Definitely.
To cheer Jing up,
Lei stays happy all the time.
It's almost a habit now.
Here.
Today's special.
Sweet and sour pork with fruit. Try it.
What color is this?
Lei,
shouldn't it be pineapple?
Why is it dragon fruit?
And the red kind?
Must've bought too much dragon fruit
on sale.
He had to use it.
Don't say it out loud.
You naughty boy! Just try it.
Lei.
Try it.
How is it?
It's okay.
So, between Wu Da and Niu Bosheng,
which one was crazier?
Wang Xiaole was pathetic,
getting tangled with those two freaks.
Tastes good.
Hello? Chief Xu.
Chief Xu.
They're Deputy Commander Lin
and Deputy Director Zhao
from the Provincial Narcotics Division.
Come in.
(They're Deputy Commander Lin
and Deputy Director Zhao)
(from the Provincial
Narcotics Division.)
This woman is Huo's mistress.
What do you do?
I'm running a small business now.
(The old Chen Yumo is gone.)
(Let's start over.)
(My name is Dan Qing now.)
(Our operation this time aims)
to take down both Huo's
and Bao Hei's drug gangs.
These two gangs trust each other.
Right now, it's just a matter of time.
This is your mission.
Stay safe.
(You can handle this as a special case.)
Master.
I can't sleep.
So I want you to come keep me company
and get some air.
A drink?
You can't sleep either?
No,
I can't either.
Have you figured it out?
Do you know what to do?
I'll follow orders in all actions.
You'll back me up.
It'll be fine for sure.
Don't be angry.
Let me introduce.
This is our boss.
Wang Yong,
known in the underworld as Guitoule,
is also called Gui.
You were a bouncer in your early years.
Back when Mr. Bao
and He Liu were fighting over territory,
you took a bullet for Mr. Bao.
The bullet hole is
on your second-to-last left rib.
That bullet earned you Mr. Bao's trust.
You became his right-hand man.
You even went this far
and dug up my past.
Seems Huo doesn't fully trust us.
Likewise.
Every couple has their fights.
I heard Huo and Qing
had a fight just days ago.
You even used a kitchen knife.
How did you two make up so fast?
I didn't know you were
so interested in our private life.
No.
Don't get me wrong, Qing.
Anyone can see
you're an extraordinary woman.
I should learn from you.
Why did Mr. Bao send you to meet us?
That's because
you have a formidable reputation.
Let's speak plainly.
Your product quality is good.
But my boss needs a long-term,
reliable supplier.
To work with us,
you must prove you have the best supply.
Additionally,
you must transport it safely
to Wannan and deliver it to Yunxi.
Inspections from the border
to Wannan are already tight.
Then to Yunxi?
That's challenging.
That's your problem to solve.
My boss said
that if you can do it
and we cooperate well,
it's possible
to make you our primary supplier.
Can we trust your word?
Absolutely.
Okay.
Tell Mr. Bao
I can handle it.
I just need some time.
What do you mean?
You'll see.
Come.
Let me help.
Careful.
Thanks.
The victim is male.
Based on his forearm length
and fat thickness,
I estimated his height is
between 170 and 175 centimeters.
His weight is about 80 kilograms.
I found the third-instar larvae here.
The victim died about four days ago.
Due to tissue irregularity,
the sacks at the scene are full,
weighing about eight kilograms.
We've only recovered two sacks so far.
The rest were likely dumped elsewhere.
I'm Si Yuanlong,
a trace evidence examiner,
currently at the primary crime scene.
Visual detection
of minor bloodstains on the railing.
I suspect the perpetrator left them
while dumping the remains.
The specific disposal process
requires further trace analysis.
I deduce
that the suspect likely walked
to this spot,
placed the sacks of body parts
on the railing,
and then pushed them off
with both hands.
The disposal distance
suggests a single perpetrator.
If I'm not mistaken,
every dump site's railing
has identical marks.
Go!
More body parts are found ahead.
Come on!
Two sacks are found
five kilometers apart.
This is the sixth one already.
Forearms, upper arms, torso,
and some organs have been recovered.
At this rate, we'll wrap up before dawn.
Careful, it's hot!
There's one more. I'll get it later.
Here you go.
Yours has no scallions.
You remembered
I don't eat scallions? Thanks.
You eat first.
I'll wait a bit.
Here you are.
No need to give this to me.
I'm the boss. You guys eat. Come on.
I'm going to eat then.
Go ahead.
Don't you think
Little Qian's been extra proactive?
Probably in a good mood.
Isn't he like this every day?
Look, Long,
your girlfriend runs a restaurant.
Can you ask her to lend me a cook?
Just a friend.
Watch your words.
Besides, you can't afford her chef.
Extremely expensive.
How expensive?
You can't afford it.
Back to business.
Judging by the number of body parts,
the suspect must have
put all the body parts in a vehicle,
dumping them
systematically along the highway.
We can rule out low-capacity vehicles
like motorcycles or e-bikes.
Plus,
farm trikes aren't allowed on highways,
so they're out too.
I think
the suspect was likely driving a car.
Considering the dump distance
and the scrape marks on the railing,
I think the suspect probably
didn't toss the parts out while moving,
but stopped to dump them.
And each site is less than two meters
from the road.
I infer the suspect likely acted alone,
with no accomplice.
Also, they're probably
from a farming family.
We found 11 sacks in total.
Who still uses sacks these days
and has so many on hand?
Most likely, a rural farmer.
Yet we can't rule out manufacturers
or wholesalers.
Jiao.
Did you get the footage
from the toll booth?
I've contacted the traffic police.
Will get the news before noon.
Those sacks hold maybe ten kilos max.
For grain,
a bit small.
Ziwu.
After your meal,
go back and check again.
Those sacks are all used.
Turn them inside out.
Search meticulously
and see what was in them before.
I'll get it done today.
I found four things
in the bottom of the sacks.
Crushed peanut shells,
cotton leaves,
soil,
and sesame seeds.
No signs of repeated use on the sacks.
Assuming the suspect
has these three crops,
if they're a farmer,
there are few places in our province
where farmers grow all three.
Near Yunxi City,
only the Dongshan District has some.
The dumping
stretched over 50 kilometers,
mostly within Dongshan District.
Mining caused collapses
on both sides years ago.
Many areas are uninhabited now.
The suspect must know the area
extremely well.
Highly likely a Dongshan local.
Dongshan?
Dongshan's farmland is north
and south of the urban area.
There's a big river up north too.
Isn't the north a better place
to dump bodies?
Why detour to the old mining zone south?
And Dongshan has two highway entrances,
one at the northwest corner of town,
about 100 kilometers from us.
The other is west of Yunxi City,
roughly 30 kilometers away.
What's it called... My bad memory.
Oh, Shipu.
Shipu was famous
for traditional oil extraction.
They grow peanuts and sesame.
That matches what Ziwu found.
The victim is about 50 years old, male.
He is a bit overweight.
The estimated time of death is
about four days ago.
Apart from the dismemberment cuts,
he has no other wounds.
The cause of death is still unclear.
His head has not been found yet.
There is a birthmark on his left arm.
This requires key investigation.
Dismembering the body is
either for ease of handling the corpse
or to conceal the identity.
Or for both reasons.
The exact reason
for the dismemberment is still unclear.
However,
the head of the body has not been found.
It is highly likely
that it was hidden by the suspect.
Identifying the victim's face
might lead us to them.
The victim might know the murderer.
Also, I notice
the cuts on the body parts are smooth.
With a handsaw, the murderer could pause
due to physical fatigue.
Therefore, the suspect probably
used a more professional electric tool.
Electric saw?
It is just a general term.
There are many types of electric saws.
News from Traffic Police.
He will soon send the footage
of the highway
from this week.
Okay.
Shipu Village.
Runs an oil mill.
Has a car.
Knew the victim.
The surrounding substations haven't
received any missing persons reports.
So the victim is likely a middle-aged
or elderly man living alone.
Master.
I'm going
to disseminate the current information,
issue a bulletin,
and see if DNA can yield any findings.
Identify the body first.
Where are you going?
Leaving now?
Now he's starting
to assign tasks to himself on his own.
He is getting cocky,
full of himself,
right after catching Wu Da.
Ye is proactive.
That's a good thing.
No.
It's too dangerous.
We should think twice.
After all, he is a police officer.
If not handled well,
we'll all be doomed.
Bao Hei still doubts us.
If we don't give him a shot,
he won't choose to work with us.
Sir, your takeout has arrived.
Your milk tea has arrived.
I'll go get it.
The saber saw doesn't match.
How is the individualization defined
in forensic science?
Two events occur by chance.
They cannot possibly happen
in exactly the same way.
Two things cannot be constructed
Two things cannot wear
in exactly the same way.
Two things cannot be destroyed
Hai.
Distribute this to everyone.
Okay.
Master.
According to the local police station,
there is a man named Chen Daning
in Shipu Village.
He matches the characteristics
of the victim.
We're contacting his family
to see if the DNA can be matched.
Has the head of the body been found?
Not yet.
I'll get back to work.
Ye Qian.
Close the door.
I need to talk to you.
Wang, there is a call for you.
Little Qian.
Qian.
Why are you ignoring me all the time?
Little Qian.
No reaction at all.
What's wrong? What's on your mind?
What could be on my mind?
If nothing happens,
why do you suddenly look different?
You were quite happy days ago.
You look upset now.
Did your master scold you?
No.
Then you must be in love.
I see.
Well...
Has your first love stolen your heart?
You seem absent-minded.
♪Replacing the weight of tears
with that of sweat♪
♪Covering the gunshot's sound
with wounds♪
♪No one is born unyielding and strong♪
♪But because someone
always rushes ahead♪
♪To shield us from the storm♪
♪When every extraordinary act
becomes routine♪
♪Just to polish the badge
upon their shoulder♪
♪Like light surging unseen
through the night♪
♪Converging into your form♪
♪Looking up♪
♪Such dazzling glory♪
♪Like hope♪
♪Reaching out its arms♪
♪Cloaked in light♪
♪Alone, they charge ahead♪
♪Traversing♪
♪The battlefield of fate♪